Making a meaningful difference in the lives of my patients and their families motivates me to strive for excellence in everything I do. I look forward to seeing their reaction when we get a positive outcome that will change their lives forever. Like the family of a young boy we treated last year—at eight years old, he had experienced rapid weight gain and signs of depression. His parents described him as a usually joyful child but now he seemed disengaged and uninterested in his typical schedule. In the end, we determined that it was hypothyroidism, which is, of course, controllable with medication. The boy is adjusting well to the treatment and has returned to his joyful self. That’s why I became a nurse and why I’m pursuing a position in pediatrics.
I’m a natural problem-solver. I find it rewarding to dig deep and uncover solutions to challenges—it’s like solving a puzzle. It’s something I’ve always excelled at and something I enjoy. Much of product development is about finding innovative solutions to challenging issues, which is what drew me to this career path in the first place
Earlier in my career I noticed that because I was so enthusiastic about my work, I had a tendency to say ‘yes’ when I should have been saying ‘no.’ At one point I ended up so overwhelmed by my workload and taking on so many projects that I was working evenings and weekends. It was stressful and that stress affected my production quality. I realized this was counterproductive so I started using workload management tools to set better expectations for myself and my teammates.
As a data engineer I find it hard to complete the request of all the departments in a company where most of them often come up with conflicting demands. So, I often find it challenging to balance them accordingly. But it has offered me a valuable insight into the workings of the departments and the role they play in the overall company’s structure
In my previous franchise company, I and my team were supposed to collect data from various locations and systems. But one of the franchises changed their system without giving us any prior notice. This resulted in a handful of issues for data collection and processing.
according to my experience, the difference between the roles of a data engineer and a data architect varies from company to company. Although they work very closely together, there are differences in their general responsibilities. Managing the servers and building the architecture of the data system of a company is the responsibility of a data architect. And the work of a data engineer is to test and maintain that architecture. Along with that, we, data engineers, make sure that the data that is made available to the analysts is of high quality and reliable
I have worked with SAS Data management, IBM Infosphere, and SAP Data Services. But my preferred one is PowerCenter from Informatica. It is efficient, has an extremely high-performance rate, and is flexible. In short, it has all the important properties of a good ETL tool. They smoothly run business data operations and guarantee data access even when there are changes taking place in business or its structure
While working on a team project, I have had the chance to work with Hadoop. We were focused on increasing the efficiency of data processing, so, due to its ability to increase the speed of data processing without compromising the quality during its distributed processing, we decided to use Hadoop.
And as my previous company expected a considerable increase in data processing over the next few months, its scalability came in handy as well. Hadoop is also an open-source network based on Java, that makes it the best option for the projects with limited resources and an easy one to use without any additional training.
Here's a typical data file we receive from a utility, and here's a software tool we've created to help identify issues with the data format. Using this tool and a UNIX shell, identify and rank problems with the data.
I do my best to give examples of engineering that are easy to understand and that might relate to a person or their situation. For instance, if I’m sitting down with a group of construction works, I will compare what I am saying to the process of how roads are paved. Relating the engineering ideas to real situations gives my audience a better understanding every time.
My favorite projects are those that include helping the wildlife populations and curing sick animals. I assisted with the plans for a new exotic animal hospital, and I was so happy to be doing something that was going to be so beneficial to those animals
Before I begin any work, I set aside some time to prioritize what tasks need to be done right away, and follow my list, doing the most time-sensitive parts first. Using this process has kept me on time and continues to improve my time-management skills
 have a subscription to several authoritative engineer journals and I’m an active participant in a few engineer-based Slack chat rooms. I gain quite a bit of knowledge by reading blogs and articles on the latest research and staying in contact with peers in an environment outside of work.
 I worked at a startup in my previous summer and really found the experience valuable I worked on a new initiative to develop autonomous systems that could handle a large amount of sensor noise and correctly filter them.
 My engineering solution has features to constantly check for mistakes or errors, and I always triple-check any measurements or math that I’m working with. Whether I’m rushing to meet deadlines or not, I get a fellow engineer to check my work before marking it as complete. Implementing these steps makes it easy to ensure there aren’t any mistakes.
 I implement the data collection and I work on the subsystems for controls. This is somethign I am passionate about because I like developing algorithms.
